README.md, before:

# Object-Oriented Programming Challenge: Team Profile Generator

## Description

A command-line application that takes in information about employees on a software engineering team and generates an HTML webpage that displays summaries for each person.

### Walkthrough video: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1__d4FdLd2jmNIso6NGMJeyJ2nD5WJXpd/view?usp=sharing

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Deployed Application](#deployed-application)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

Ensure that you have Node.js and npm installed. Download the "Develop" folder in this repository.

## Screenshots

The following image shows the application's appearance and functionality:

![Alt text](/images/screenshot.png)

## Deployed Application

N/A

## Usage

- Open the terminal and cd into the directory that contains index.js and the utils directory.
- Enter "node index" into the terminal.
- Answer the questions when prompted.
- A team.html file will be generated in the demo directory.

## Credits

N/A

## License

Please refer to the LICENSE in the repo.

Commit message:

updated express and installed uuid

README.md, after:

# Express.js Challenge: Note Taker

## Description

An application called Note Taker that can be used to write and save notes. This application will use an Express.js back end and will save and retrieve note data from a JSON file.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Deployed Application](#deployed-application)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

Ensure that you have Node.js and npm installed. Download the "Develop" folder in this repository.

## Screenshots

The following image shows the application's appearance and functionality:

![Alt text](/images/screenshot.png)

## Deployed Application

N/A

## Usage

- Open the terminal and cd into the directory that contains index.js and the utils directory.
- Enter "node index" into the terminal.
- Answer the questions when prompted.
- A team.html file will be generated in the demo directory.

## Credits (for note taker)

- Xandromus Xander Rapstine
- nol166 John McCambridge
- Georgeyoo George

## License

Please refer to the LICENSE in the repo.
